Gentle Smoke Gerbil

Medium

# Wrong implementation of solmate SafeTransferLib

## Summary

The use of the `SafeTransferLib` from Solmate in the project does not check for the existence of a contract at the token address before executing transfers. This flaw can lead to scenarios where the protocol assumes that tokens were successfully transferred when, in reality, no transfer occurred due to the lack of a contract at the token address. This could result in the miscalculation of funds and potential losses for users interacting with the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

Unlike `OpenZeppelin`’s `SafeERC20`, `Solmate`’s `SafeTransferLib` does not check for the existence of code at the token address. 

The `contracts/PointTokenVault.sol::deposit()` function uses `safeTransferFrom()` without a contract existence check. This is a known issue while using Solmate's libraries. Hence this may lead to miscalculation of funds and may lead to loss of funds, because if `safetransferfrom()` is called on a token address that doesn't have a contract in it, it will always return success, bypassing the return value check. Due to this protocol will think that funds have been transferred successfully, and records will be accordingly calculated, but in reality, funds were never transferred. So this will lead to miscalculation and possibly loss of funds:

```solidity
    function deposit(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        uint256 cap = caps[address(_token)];

        if (cap != type(uint256).max) {
            if (_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap) {
                revert DepositExceedsCap();
            }
        }

        _token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

        balances[_receiver][_token] += _amount;

        emit Deposit(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
    }
```

It’s becoming popular for protocols to deploy their token across multiple networks and when they do so, a common practice is to deploy the token contract from the same deployer address and with the same nonce so that the token address can be the same for all the networks.

A sophisticated attacker can exploit it by taking advantage of that and setting traps on multiple potential tokens to steal from the protocol. For example: 1INCH is using the same token address for both Ethereum and BSC; Gelato's $GEL token is using the same token address for Ethereum, Fantom and Polygon.

## Impact

Exploitation by attackers who can manipulate token addresses across different networks to steal funds from the protocol or other users and potential miscalculations in the protocol's internal accounting mechanisms.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L114-L128

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use openzeppelin's safeERC20 or implement a code existence check.