Zany Bubblegum Puma

High

# The conversion of rewards to `PToken` is incorrect when the reward token has fewer than 18 decimals

## Summary

The conversion formula is given by `pTokensToBurn = FixedPointMathLib.divWadUp(amountToClaim, rewardsPerPToken);`, where `amountToClaim` represents the reward amount and `rewardsPerPToken` denotes the exchange rate. In the `FixedPointMathLib` library, this formula is expressed as `pTokensToBurn = amountToClaim * 1e18 / rewardsPerPToken`.

Focusing on the decimals of each variable, `rewardsPerPToken` has 18 decimals, while `amountToClaim` shares the same decimal precision as the reward token. In the formula `pTokensToBurn = amountToClaim * 1e18 / rewardsPerPToken`, the decimals of `rewardsPerPToken` are effectively canceled by `1e18`, resulting in `pTokensToBurn` having the same decimal precision as `amountToClaim`, which corresponds to the reward token's decimals.

This creates a potential issue when the reward token has fewer than 18 decimals, as `pToken`s are intended to maintain 18 decimals.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider the following scenario:

1. The reward token has 6 decimals, and `rewardsPerPToken = 1e18` (indicating a `1:1` ratio of reward to `pToken`).
2. Alice calls the `redeemRewards()` function to claim her rewards by burning her `pToken`s. She sets `amountToClaim` to 1e6, which represents $1 worth of the reward token.
3. Using the formula, `pTokensToBurn` is calculated as `1e6 * 1e18 / 1e18 = 1e6` (see `L191`), resulting in the burning of `pToken`s amounting to `1e6` (see `L192`).

As a result, Alice claims 1 reward token by burning only `pToken`s equivalent to `1e6/1e18`, despite the exchange rate being `1:1`.

```solidity
    function redeemRewards(Claim calldata _claim, address _receiver) public {
        ...

191     uint256 pTokensToBurn = FixedPointMathLib.divWadUp(amountToClaim, rewardsPerPToken);
192     pTokens[pointsId].burn(msg.sender, pTokensToBurn);

        ...
    }
```

This issue also occurs in the [convertRewardsToPTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/tree/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L244) function.

## Impact

Users can claim rewards by burning significantly fewer `pToken`s than they are supposed to.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/tree/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L172-L226

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The conversion formula should be refined to accurately handle decimals.