Suave Yellow Horse

High

# Users may lose their pToken rewards forever due to inaccurate claiming access control of the claimPToken function

## Summary
Logically and normally, when the `entruster` entrustes an `entrustee`, it is assumed that the `claimPToken` function is:
1. Either called by the `entrustee` **on behalf** of the `entruster`, and the claimed tokens are sent to the **`entruster` (as in many automation solutions)** (the `entrustee` specifies the `recipient=entruster`),
2. Or called by the `entrustee` **on behalf** of the `entruster`, but the `recipient` is set to any address that the `entrustee` wants,
3. Or called by the `entruster` himself, and the recipient can be anyone.

## Vulnerability Detail
Consider a scenario where Alice entrustes an AutomationBot to call `claimPToken` for her once in a while.

The AutomationBot is a fair actor: he will only call `claimPToken` with `_account=Alice` and `_receiver=Alice`.

The `AutomationBot` can call `claimPTokens` for Alice, but he can never call `redeemRewards` for his own address.

However, Bob comes in and he wants to permanently freeze Alice's rewards.

Bob will call `claimPToken` and set `_account=Alice` and **`receiver=AutomationBot`**.

### Assume the AutomationBot doesn't have any funds receiving functionality: Alice will never get her pToken reward back, despite the fairness of AutomationBot.
The AutomationBot doesn't implement any functionality that would allow Alice to force him to burn transfer the minted pToken back to her.

**In that case, the AutomationBot is by definition an entrusted actor of Alice, so, logically, the comparison that would prevent permanently freezing Alice's funds should be passing only if the conditions `msg.sender == _account || msg.sender == trustedClaimers[_account][msg.sender]` resolves to true.**

## Impact
Anyone can permanently skim Alice's rewards to her `entrustee`, without any entruster's or entrustee's consent for that, by just calling `claimPTokens` at an appropriate time.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
        if (_account != _receiver && !trustedClaimers[_account][_receiver]) {
            revert NotTrustedClaimer();
        }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L152-L154

## Tool used
Mnaual human review.

## Recommendation
To handle claiming approvals functionality for cases when the entrustee calls the `claimPTokens` function on behalf of the entruster, consider checking that the `msg.sender == trustedClaimers[_account][_receiver]` instead of ignoring the `msg.sender` and checking that the `_receiver` exists in the `trustedClaimers[_account]`.

Such as tailoring the current code of the `PointTokenVault` as follows:
```diff
-         if (_account != _receiver && !trustedClaimers[_account][_receiver]) {
+         if (_account != _receiver && !trustedClaimers[_account][msg.sender]) {
```