Alert Banana Locust

Medium

# Lack of Access Control in `claimPTokens` Function

## Summary
The `claimPTokens` function in the smart contract lacks proper access control, allowing any external account to call the function and potentially exploit the claiming process. This vulnerability could enable unauthorized parties to initiate a claim on behalf of a trusted claimer, resulting in unintended or unauthorized token claims.

## Vulnerability Detail
Proof of Concept (PoC):
Assumptions:

* `_account` has set 0x1, 0x2, and 0x3 (any 'n' number of random addresses, here 3) as trusted claimers.
* The contract allows any address to call the `claimPTokens` function.

Steps:

* The attacker (Alice) notices that 0x1, 0x2 and 0x3 are trusted claimers for `_account`.
* Suppose 0x2 was supposed to claim points on behalf of `_account`.
* Alice calls the `claimPTokens` function with the following parameters:
    _claim: Contains the necessary claim details.
    _account: The target account.
    _receiver: Set to 0x3 (a trusted claimer) or any other random trusted claimer.
* The contract does not revert because 0x3 is indeed a trusted claimer, and the function executes successfully.

Result:

0x2 was supposed to claim points however, the tokens were minted to 0x3, and the function call was initiated by an unauthorized party (Alice). This could lead to an unintended claim, which might not align with the _account's intentions.

## Impact
Unauthorized token distribution potentially affects the integrity of the token claim process.
Loss of control for the `_account` over who can initiate claims, leading to unintended outcomes.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L142-L162

```solidity
    function claimPTokens(Claim calldata _claim, address _account, address _receiver) public {
        bytes32 pointsId = _claim.pointsId;

        bytes32 claimHash = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(_account, pointsId, _claim.totalClaimable));
        _verifyClaimAndUpdateClaimed(_claim, claimHash, _account, claimedPTokens);

        if (address(pTokens[pointsId]) == address(0)) {
            revert PTokenNotDeployed();
        }

        if (_account != _receiver && !trustedClaimers[_account][_receiver]) {
            revert NotTrustedClaimer();
        }

        uint256 pTokenFee = FixedPointMathLib.mulWadUp(_claim.amountToClaim, mintFee);
        pTokenFeeAcc[pointsId] += pTokenFee;

        pTokens[pointsId].mint(_receiver, _claim.amountToClaim - pTokenFee); // Subtract mint fee.

        emit PTokensClaimed(_account, _receiver, pointsId, _claim.amountToClaim, pTokenFee);
    }
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
 Implement an access control mechanism to restrict who can call the claimPTokens function. Only the _account or a trusted claimer should be allowed to initiate the function. For example:

```solidity
function claimPTokens(Claim calldata _claim, address _account, address _receiver) public {
    require(msg.sender == _account || trustedClaimers[_account][msg.sender], "Unauthorized caller");
    // rest of the function logic
}
```