Clever Tartan Scallop

High

# Broken tracking of feeless redemptions in `redeemRewards` function could allow users dodge paying fees on redemptions when they should have been charged

## Summary

`PointTokenVault::redeemRewards` incorrectly updates the `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` mapping when partial fee redemptions occur. This leads to users being able to redeem more tokens without fees than they should be allowed in subsequent transactions.

## Vulnerability Detail

>First of all, bear in mind that the protocol allows for partial redemption. The redeemRewards function takes an [`amountToClaim`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L173) parameter, which allows users to specify how much they want to redeem. There's no requirement that this amount must be the total available for redemption.


In the `redeemRewards` function, when a user redeems pTokens and some of them need to be charged a fee (i.e., `feelesslyRedeemable < pTokensToBurn`), the contract incorrectly updates the `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` mapping. 

The current implementation sets `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` to the total claimed amount if there's any difference between `feelesslyRedeemed` and `claimed`. This doesn't accurately reflect the actual number of tokens redeemed without fees in the current transaction.

```solidity
if (feelesslyRedeemed != claimed) {
    feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] = claimed;
}
```
### POC
To reiterate,`redeemRewards` function allows users to redeem their point tokens (pTokens) for rewards. The protocol has a mechanism in place to allow some redemptions to be feeless, based on the number of pTokens a user has claimed versus how many they've already redeemed without fees.

Lets take note of the key variables here:
- `claimed`: Total number of pTokens claimed by the user
- `feelesslyRedeemed`: Number of pTokens already redeemed without fees
- `feelesslyRedeemable`: Number of pTokens that can be redeemed without fees in this transaction
- `pTokensToBurn`: Number of pTokens being redeemed in this transaction

Now the issue ooccurs in the scenario where `feelesslyRedeemable < pTokensToBurn`, meaning some or all of the pTokens being redeemed should incur a fee.

Take a look at this [code snippet](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L218-L220):
```solidity
if (feelesslyRedeemed != claimed) {
    feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] = claimed;
}
```

This incorrectly sets the number of feeless redeemed tokens to the total number of claimed tokens if there's any difference between `feelesslyRedeemed` and `claimed`. This is wrong because it doesn't account for partial feeless redemptions. Also, it could allow users to redeem more tokens without fees than they should in future transactions.

For example lets say:
- A user claims 100 pTokens
- They redeem 40 pTokens (all feeless)
- Later, they redeem another 60 pTokens (20 feeless, 40 with fee)
- The buggy code would set `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` to 100 incorrectly indicating all tokens were redeemed feeless


The correct way should be:

```solidity
feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] += feelesslyRedeemable;
```

Here, it'll correctly update the number of feeless redeemed tokens by adding only the amount that was actually redeemed without a fee in this transaction.

Using the same example as the one above but correctly:
- User claims 100 pTokens
- They redeem 40 pTokens (all feeless) -> `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` becomes 40
- Later, they redeem another 60 pTokens (20 feeless, 40 with fee) -> `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` becomes 60

This accurately tracks the total number of tokens redeemed without fees across multiple transactions.


## Impact

Protocol could be robbed of revenue from fees. Users avoiding fees on redemptions when they should be charged & inaccurate tracking of feeless redemptions across multiple transactions.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L203-L221

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider updating the `redeemRewards` function to correctly track feeless redemptions by adding only the `feelesslyRedeemable` amount to `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens`.

```diff
if (feelesslyRedeemable >= pTokensToBurn) {
    // If all of the pTokens are free to redeem without fee.
    rewardsToTransfer = amountToClaim;
    feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] += pTokensToBurn;
} else {
    // If some or all of the pTokens need to be charged a fee.
    uint256 redeemableWithFee = pTokensToBurn - feelesslyRedeemable;
    // fee = amount of pTokens that are not feeless * rewardsPerPToken * redemptionFee
    fee = FixedPointMathLib.mulWadUp(
        FixedPointMathLib.mulWadUp(redeemableWithFee, rewardsPerPToken), redemptionFee
    );

    rewardTokenFeeAcc[pointsId] += fee;
    rewardsToTransfer = amountToClaim - fee;

-   if (feelesslyRedeemed != claimed) {
-       feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] = claimed;
-   }
+   feelesslyRedeemedPTokens[msg.sender][pointsId] += feelesslyRedeemable;
}
```