Young Licorice Giraffe

Medium

# PointTokenVault does not handle non-18-decimal reward tokens resulting in too high or too low rewards

### Summary

The lack of decimal adjustment in `PointTokenVault::redeemRewards()` will cause incorrect reward distribution for users when the operator will set a non-18 decimal reward token, leading to miscalculations in token conversions.

**Disclaimer regarding invalidation**
This issue must not fall under the "Admin Input/call validation" invalidation criteria because there is no assumption made anywhere about the reward token. Other than the `PToken` which is always deployed via `deployPToken` which enforces 18 decimals and the heads up regarding weird point-earning tokens which should be wrapped to avoid weird interactions, there are no assumptions made about the reward token. During the contest `steve_fi`from the protocol confirmed that reward tokens can be pretty much any token.


### Root Cause

In `PointTokenVault.sol:191` the protocol is assuming that `amountToClaim` and `rewardsPerPToken` have 18 decimals -> Otherwise `pTokensToBurn` would be calculated incorrectly since pTokens will always have 18 decimals.

The same with the fee calculation in `PointTokenVault.sol:211-213` which is deducted from the rewards that are paid out (e.g. if reward tokens have 6 decimals and you deduct a fee with 18 decimals you'll get an underflow (revert))

### Internal pre-conditions

The operator calls `PointTokenVault::setRedemption` with a non-18-decimal ERC20 reward token.

### External pre-conditions

n/a

### Attack Path

1. The operator calls `PointTokenVault::setRedemption` with a non-18-decimal ERC20 reward token
2. Given the attacker already has some pTokens they call `PointTokenVault::redeemRewards` 
Depending on whether the decimals of the reward are higher (2.1) or lower (2.2) than 18 we have different scenarios:
2.1 The user won't be able to withdraw any meaningful amount of rewards since pTokensToBurn would be higher than expected
2.2 The user can claim way more reward tokens than they should be able to since pTokensToBurn would be lower than expected (this case is shown in the PoC)

### Impact

As explained in the attack path depending on whether the decimals of the reward token are higher or lower than 18 it results in two different impacts. The worse one, that is also in the PoC, is where the decimals of the reward token are lower than 18.

The user can redeem their pToken for way more reward tokens than anticipated. In the PoC below (mocking USDC as a reward token) the user can get 1,000,000x the amount of reward tokens than they should get.

### PoC

Paste the following PoC into PointTokenVault.t.sol:

```
function test_redemptionWrongForNon18Decimals() public {
        uint8 decimals = 6;
        MockERC20 usdcReward = new MockERC20("USDC Reward", "USDC", decimals);
        
        // Give vault reward tokens to distribute
        usdcReward.mint(address(pointTokenVault), 1_000_000_000e6);

        // Operator sets reward token to a non-18-decimal reward token
        vm.startPrank(operator);
        // For 1 pToken : 2 reward tokens  (e18 - e6) -> 2e12 rewardsPerToken 
        pointTokenVault.setRedemption(eigenPointsId, usdcReward, 2e12, false);
        vm.stopPrank();

        // This is equal to vitalik buying pTokens somewhere
        vm.startPrank(address(pointTokenVault));
        pointTokenVault.pTokens(eigenPointsId).mint(vitalik, 1e18);
        vm.stopPrank();


        bytes32[] memory empty = new bytes32[](0);

        // Vitalik redeems 1 pToken for 2 reward tokens
        vm.startPrank(vitalik);
        // pointTokenVault.redeemRewards(PointTokenVault.Claim(eigenPointsId, 2e6, 2e6, empty), vitalik);
        pointTokenVault.redeemRewards(PointTokenVault.Claim(eigenPointsId, 1e6*2e6, 1e6*2e6, empty), vitalik);
        vm.stopPrank();

        assertEq(usdcReward.balanceOf(vitalik), 1e6*2e6);
        assertEq(pointTokenVault.pTokens(eigenPointsId).balanceOf(vitalik), 0);

    }
    ```

### Mitigation

Two possible mitigations:
1. (worse) Only allow reward tokens with 18 decimals
2. Modify redeemRewards to account for different decimals e.g.

```
uint256 rewardTokenDecimals = params.rewardToken.decimals();
uint256 decimalAdjustment = 10**(18 - rewardTokenDecimals);
```
    
    