Gentle Smoke Gerbil

Medium

# Not handling fee on transfer tokens

## Summary

The protocol does not correctly handle fee-on-transfer tokens when they are deposited into the system, as stated in the description of the project `but fee-on-transfer, pausable, and blocklist tokens are OK`. Although the documentation advises users to wrap such tokens, this requirement is not enforced at the contract level. Consequently, attackers can exploit the discrepancy between the amount transferred and the amount recorded by the contract, leading to potential over-withdrawals. This could result in the protocol losing tokens and becoming insolvent.

## Vulnerability Detail

Fee-on-transfer tokens deduct a fee every time a transfer occurs. When these tokens are deposited directly into the contract, the contract records more tokens than it actually receives. 

For example, a user may deposit 100 tokens, but due to the fee-on-transfer mechanism, only 97 tokens are actually transferred to the contract. However, the contract still believes that it has received 100 tokens and tracks the deposit as such.

The `PointTokenVault.sol` contract has `deposit()` function, where an attacker can send fee-on-transfer tokens:

```solidity
    // Rebasing and fee-on-transfer tokens must be wrapped before depositing.
    function deposit(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        uint256 cap = caps[address(_token)];

        if (cap != type(uint256).max) {
            if (_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap) {
                revert DepositExceedsCap();
            }
        }

        _token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

        balances[_receiver][_token] += _amount;

        emit Deposit(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
    }
```

Then it can be withdrawn via `withdraw()` function:

```solidity
    function withdraw(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        balances[msg.sender][_token] -= _amount;

        _token.safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);

        emit Withdraw(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
    }
```

## Impact

This mismatch between the contract’s internal record and the actual token balance can be exploited by an attacker. They can repeatedly deposit fee-on-transfer tokens, inflating the internal accounting, and then withdraw more tokens than were originally transferred, draining the contract of funds over time.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L114-L128

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L130-L136

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add mechanisms to calculate funds before and after the transfer, to be able to correctly handle fee-on-transfer tokens.