Droll Fuchsia Donkey

Medium

# If deposit token is also reward token, deposit cap may have unexpected behaviors

### Summary

In the case of deposited token is also reward token, it would unexpectingly exceed the cap amount, despite the actual deposited amount is less than capped amount.

### Root Cause

In [`PTokenVault::deposit`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L118), we see that there is a capped value for the amount user can deposit in:

```solidity
    function deposit(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        uint256 cap = caps[address(_token)];

        if (cap != type(uint256).max) {
            if (_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap) {
                revert DepositExceedsCap();
            }
        }

        _token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

        balances[_receiver][_token] += _amount;

        emit Deposit(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
    }
```

which the limit is checked by comparing the sum of deposited amount and current token balance to the capped value. The vault also offers users to convert the reward tokens to `PTokens`, this essentially transfers reward token to the vault, and the vault calculate correspond amount of `PTokens` user would get in return:

```solidity
    function convertRewardsToPTokens(address _receiver, bytes32 _pointsId, uint256 _amountToConvert) public {
        RedemptionParams memory params = redemptions[_pointsId];
        (ERC20 rewardToken, uint256 rewardsPerPToken, bool isMerkleBased) =
            (params.rewardToken, params.rewardsPerPToken, params.isMerkleBased);

        if (address(rewardToken) == address(0)) {
            revert RewardsNotReleased();
        }

        if (isMerkleBased) {
            revert CantConvertMerkleRedemption();
        }

        rewardToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amountToConvert);

        uint256 pTokensToMint = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(_amountToConvert, rewardsPerPToken); // Round down for mint.

        // Dust guard.
        if (pTokensToMint == 0) {
            revert AmountTooSmall();
        }

        pTokens[_pointsId].mint(_receiver, pTokensToMint);

        emit RewardsConverted(msg.sender, _receiver, _pointsId, _amountToConvert);
    }
```

The issue here is that, the deposited token can also be the reward token, and in this case, when users start to convert this token to `PTokens`, it would make the balance of vault increase, but this value increase is not caused by depositing.


### Internal pre-conditions

The vault allows deposits of USDC, and it also use USDC as one of the reward tokens. The deposit cap of USDC is set to 5000, for simplicity.

### External pre-conditions

After redemption period has started, users can convert some USDC tokens into `PTokens` as USDC is one of the reward tokens. This would increase `ERC20(USDC).balanceOf(address(this))`, the balance quickly reaches 6000, with 4000 being user deposits, and the rest 2000 is converted tokens.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Combined with both internal, and external pre-conditions, though users have deposited in total 4000 USDC, which is still 1000 less from reaching the capped value, due to this additional 2000 converted amount, `deposit` would revert, as the account balance exceeds the capped value. This is unexpected for depositors, and according to a PT with the protocols, the capped amount is indeed meant to cap the total deposited tokens. Conversion of `PTokens` provides user incentives to do so, so unlike simply donating to the contract, the chance of this happening is larger.

The admins can always increase the capped value, but for some tokens, they may want to keep the amount low, and when the conditions are all met, this would break the invariant of the protocol.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use a separate variable to store total deposited amount for each token