Brave Mustard Okapi

Medium

# Some tokens like rsETH, USDT and USDC can become fee on transfer tokens and cause insolvency in the PointTokenVault contract

### Summary

The documentation of the audit says that Rebasing and fee on transfer tokens are allowed, and the protocol hopes all the users will wrap these tokens before depositing them in the `PointTokenVault` and does nothing to ensure this in the contract, this could leave to insolvency of the `PointTokenVault` contract.

Currently, the `PointTokenVault` contract can't handle the accounting for these tokens or for tokens that are upgradeable and in the future could become fee on transfer or rebasing tokens like rsETH, USDT and USDC, this scenario will cause loss of funds for the users, because the `PointTokenVault` contract will become insolvent.

### Root Cause

The `PointTokenVault` contract is meant to accept fee on transfer tokens and rebasing tokens, and they hope the users will wrap these tokens before they deposit them in the contract and do nothing to ensure this in the contract code, so the balances accounting of the contract can't handle a scenario where a currently accepted token like rsETH, USDT or USDC can be upgraded and become a fee on transfer or a rebasing token, neither a scenario where users deposit fee on transfer tokens without wrapping them before (by mistake or with malicious intentions), this would cause insolvency in the `PointTokenVault` contract and thus loss of funds for the users.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L114-L136

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. `rsETH`, `USDT` and `USDC` are upgradeable tokens, the `PointTokenVault` accepts one of these tokens with their current normal functionality.
2. Users deposit these tokens and everything works as expected.
3. Then one of these tokens gets upgraded and becomes a fee-on-transfer or rebasing token.
4. Users keep depositing these tokens in the `PointTokenVault` as they normally did in past occasions (`deposit` function).
5. The internal accounting of the `PointTokenVault` contract is wrong now.

### Attack Path

1. `rsETH`, `USDT` and `USDC` are upgradeable tokens, the `PointTokenVault` accepts one of these tokens with their current normal functionality.
2. Users deposit these tokens and everything works as expected.
3. Then one of these tokens gets upgraded and becomes a fee-on-transfer or rebasing token.
4. Users keep depositing these tokens in the `PointTokenVault` as they normally did in past occasions (`deposit` function).
5. Now, the `PointTokenVault`  is updating the internal balances of these tokens without considering that a fee is being charged on every transfer and he is receiving fewer tokens than expected.
```solidity
    function deposit(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        // code omitted

        _token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
        balances[_receiver][_token] += _amount;

        // code omitted
    }
```
6. Then, the internal balances of every user are going to be greater than the real amount of tokens the `PointTokenVault`   contracts possess.
7. when users start to withdraw, they will be getting more tokens than they should, so the amount of tokens of the `PointTokenVault`will be depleted and the last users that try to withdraw will lose their funds.
```solidity
    function withdraw(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
        balances[msg.sender][_token] -= _amount;
        _token.safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);
        emit Withdraw(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
    }
```

### Impact

The `PointTokenVault` contract will become insolvent and users will lose their funds.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

 Update the accounting logic of the `deposit` function in the `PointTokenVault` to make sure the internal balances get updated with the correct amount received by the contract when a user deposits tokens into it. 