Tart Fuchsia Bobcat

High

# `fee-on-transfer()` tokens will lead to loss of funds for the `PointTokenVault`.

## Summary
Withdrawing fee-on-transfer should be calculated according to fees which is not being done in the `PointVaultToken::withdraw()`.

## Vulnerability Detail
Withdrawing fee-on-transfer should be calculated according to fees which is not being done in the `PointVaultToken::withdraw()`.

## Vulnerability Detail
AS the protocol allows the fee-on-transfer.
```solidity
1. If you are integrating tokens, are you allowing only whitelisted tokens to work with the codebase or any complying with the standard? Are they assumed to have certain properties, e.g. be non-reentrant? Are there any types of weird tokens you want to integrate?

Yes, whitelisted tokens only. They're assumed to not be reentrant, but fee-on-transfer, pausable, and blocklist tokens are OK.
```
When user deposits the token it updates wrong balance of the token for the user which will affect the withdrawal and cause loss of funds if not taken care of.
For Eg:
- If user deposit 20 but the contract will receive only 18 if we consider 2 tokens as a fees.
- Now while updating the balance the vault contract update user balance as 20 instead of 18.
- At the time of withdrawal the user will call the function and tries to withdraw 20 tokens but we knows user only has 18 but the user balances shows 20 tokens as balance.
- Now when user call the function withdraw it will be successfully withdrawn and the user will receive the 18 tokens .
- Here the Vault will face loss of funds as the user should get only 16 tokens as we consider 2 tokens as the fee but user is getting extra 2 tokens and it will lead to huge loss if not handled properly.

## Impact
User will be benefitted with more tokens then what he deserved to get.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L113-L136

## Tool used

Manual Review, Foundry

## Recommendation
Maybe , there should be a separate function for the fee-on-transfer token deposit and withdrawal or There should be a proper calculation by taking fee parameters which will help calculating the fee and updating the proper balance.