Clever Powder Ferret

High

# The users will not be able to claim their pTokens if the root was updated

## Summary

In the current implementation of `PointTokenVault` users claim pTokens and reward tokens periodically according to the amount assigned to them in the merkle tree root. The problem is that the user can't claim their pTokens if the root was updated due to the mistake in a mapping check.

## Vulnerability Detail

Take a look at `_verifyClaimAndUpdateClaimed()` functionality:

https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/dev/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L286-295
```solidity
         uint256 alreadyClaimed = _claimed[_account][pointsId];

        // Can claim up to the total claimable amount from the hash.
        // IMPORTANT: totalClaimable must be in the claim hash passed into this function.
        if (_claim.totalClaimable < alreadyClaimed + amountToClaim) revert ClaimTooLarge();

        // Update the total claimed amount.
        unchecked {
            _claimed[_account][pointsId] = alreadyClaimed + amountToClaim;
        }
```

First, we fetch the already claimed amount according to the pointsId for a particular user. Then the function compares whether total claimable amount is not less than the already claimed amount plus the amount that's about to get claimed. This works fine the first time but if the root was updated meaning total claimable value was also updated, there might be problems as the changes of `claimedPTokens` are saved from the previous distribution. So imagine the following scenario:

1. The first distribution Alice gets 1e18 tokens and she claims them right away. So her `_claimed` amount is equal to 1e18 at this point
2. In the next root, she's assigned to 1e18 tokens again. So she tries to claim them but for now;

`1e18 < 1e18 + 1e18`

So her total claimable amount is less than the already claimed amount plus the amount she wants to claim. This leads to a situation when she just can't claim the consequent distributions.

You can also verify that `claimedPTokens` value is indeed accumulated over time by looking into redemption functionality and how `feelesslyRedeemable` tokens are calculated every time.

## Impact

Users are not able to claim their pTokens if the root was updated.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/dev/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L286-295

## Tool used

Grok

## Recommendation

Nullify already claimed amount after everything was claimed for this particular root.