Able Wool Rhino

High

# Rumpel Module allows arbitrary ETH transfer from user wallets

## Summary
The authorized actor on the Rumpel Module can pass a `value` to the `Call` parameter and transfer ETH from user wallets to an arbitrary address.

## Vulnerability Detail
The Rumpel Module allows the protocol to take actions on behalf of a user. It needs to be able to automatically claim reward tokens after an external protocol releases them and transfer the reward tokens to the Point Tokenization Vault.

To restrict which actions can be taken, the Rumpel Module also includes an irreversible blacklist.

```solidity
mapping(address => mapping(bytes4 => bool)) public blockedModuleCalls; // target => functionSelector => blocked
```

So all calls to added address-selector pairs are blocked.

According to the documentation, this is done to prevent the actor from accessing funds in the user's wallet (e.g., transferring a user's USDC).

However, executing a call with the `value` parameter passed into the `execTransactionFromModule` function allows sending ETH along with the call. Crucially, this action cannot be blocked because the recipient address can be specified arbitrarily, rendering it impossible to block all possible addresses.

## Impact
A malicious or compromised actor could potentially drain all the ETH from all Rumpel Wallets.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/rumpel-wallet/src/RumpelModule.sol#L52

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The module does not need to be able to transfer ETH to fulfil its functions (claim and transferring rewards tokens). 

```diff
- bool success = call.safe.execTransactionFromModule(call.to, call.value, call.data, call.operation);
+ bool success = call.safe.execTransactionFromModule(call.to, 0, call.data, call.operation);
```
