Petite Taffy Yeti

High

# Safe's restrictions on transactions can be reset by any one causing a breach in protection by guard or module

### Summary

`InitializationScript::initialize(...)` function is an external function that can be called by any one. As part of the `RumpelWalletFactory::createWallet(...)` is it called via a proxy setting the guard, module and functions access based on addresses.

But, once the address of the safe is know, a call can be made to set the guard and module addresses to a different addresses
and change the initializations done in `InitializationScript::initialize(...)` for addresses and functions.

This would defeat the purpose of applying guard/module restrictions in the `initialize()` function in the first place.



### Root Cause

The `Initialize(...)` function called by proxy configures the module, guard and rules for access for address to function signature.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/rumpel-wallet/src/InitializationScript.sol#L20-L44

Once, the address of safe is known, using the ISafe interfaces, any one should be able to call `enableModule()` and `setGuard()` functions to replace the module and the guard for the same. By changing the guard, the rules configured during the initialize are reset.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/rumpel-wallet/src/RumpelWalletFactory.sol#L43-L67


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path
a) Let a new safe be created by calling `RumpelWalletFactory::createWallet()` 
b) This will create a new safe and configure the safe with the guard and module also initialise the function to address related access control.
c) On successful setup, the safe address is returned to the caller.
d) using safe address and ISafe interfaces, the module and the guard for the safe can be updated to a new addresses with different configuration for function to address related access.

Such replacement can change the access control in the way the attacker intends to leverage benefit from the safe.


### Impact

Any one can reconfigure the access restrictions for the transactions for the safe. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The module and guard setting for the safe should be access restricted.