Long Canvas Octopus

Medium

# The PointTokenVault becomes insolvent if reward token is a fee-on-transfer token

## Summary

The `convertRewardsToPTokens()` function transfers a specified amount of reward tokens to the vault but does not account for the reduced amount received due to transfer fees, leads to the vault minting more PTokens than it should, ultimately resulting in an insufficient reward token balance for users to withdraw.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol is supposed to be compatible with the fee-on-transfer token:
> **fee-on-transfer**, pausable, and blocklist tokens are OK.

In the `convertRewardsToPTokens()` function, the vault attempts to transfer the full `_amountToConvert` of reward tokens from the user to the vault. However, if the reward token is a fee-on-transfer token, the vault receives less than the `_amountToConvert` due to the transfer fee.

The vault then mints PTokens based on the exchange rate (`rewardsPerPToken`), assuming it received the full `_amountToConvert`:

convertRewardsToPTokens()#L242
```solidity
        rewardToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amountToConvert);

        uint256 pTokensToMint = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(_amountToConvert, rewardsPerPToken); // Round down for mint.
```

When users call `redeemRewards()`, they expect to redeem the full corresponding amount of rewards. However, since the vault did not receive the full `_amountToConvert` of reward tokens, it may not have sufficient tokens to fulfill the withdrawal requests, leading to potential insolvency.

## Impact

The vault does not hold enough reward tokens to satisfy user withdrawal requests.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L242-L244

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The `pTokensToMint` should be calculated based on the actual amount of reward tokens received by the vault, rather than the amount specified by the user.