Great Marmalade Platypus

Medium

# Lack of Maximum Limit for Mint Fee Allows Potential Exploit by Malicious Operators

## Summary
In the provided Solidity contract, the **setMintFee()** function allows any account with the **OPERATOR_ROLE** to update the **mintFee** state variable without any upper limit. This lack of a maximum cap means that a malicious operator could set the mint fee to an excessively high value, resulting in significant financial loss or operational disruption for users attempting to claim their tokens.
## Vulnerability Detail
The **setMintFee()** function is currently implemented as follows:

### Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L321-L324

This function allows an operator with the **OPERATOR_ROLE** to set the mint fee to any arbitrary uint256 value. The absence of a maximum mint fee limit introduces a vulnerability where a malicious operator could:

1. Set the mint fee to a prohibitively high amount.
2. Make it financially unviable for users to claim their tokens due to excessive costs.
3. Potentially block users from interacting with the contract, leading to a denial of service or significant financial loss.
## Impact
A malicious operator with the **OPERATOR_ROLE** can set an arbitrarily high mint fee, potentially locking out users from claiming their tokens due to prohibitive costs.
## Proof Of Code
``` javascript
function test_MaliciousOperatorCanSetHigherMintFee() public {
        vm.prank(operator);
         // @audit : mint fee is too high
        pointTokenVault.setMintFee(6e18);
        vm.stopPrank();
    }

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
**Set a Maximum Mint Fee Limit:** Introduce a maximum mint fee cap to restrict the value that can be set by an operator. For example:
``` javascript

uint256 public constant MAX_MINT_FEE = 1 ether; // Example maximum fee
function setMintFee(uint256 _mintFee) external onlyRole(OPERATOR_ROLE) {
    require(_mintFee <= MAX_MINT_FEE, "Mint fee exceeds maximum limit");
    mintFee = _mintFee;
    emit MintFeeSet(_mintFee);
}
```
