Clever Powder Ferret

High

# User may not be able to claim reward the second time as `claimedRedemptionRights` is updated in the first redemption

In the current implementation of `PointTokenVault` users claim reward tokens periodically according to the amount assigned to them in the merkle tree root. The problem is that the user can't claim their reward tokens if there was a previous redemption before due to update in the mapping.

## Vulnerability Detail

Take a look at _verifyClaimAndUpdateClaimed() functionality:

https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/dev/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L286-295

         uint256 alreadyClaimed = _claimed[_account][pointsId];

        // Can claim up to the total claimable amount from the hash.
        // IMPORTANT: totalClaimable must be in the claim hash passed into this function.
        if (_claim.totalClaimable < alreadyClaimed + amountToClaim) revert ClaimTooLarge();

        // Update the total claimed amount.
        unchecked {
            _claimed[_account][pointsId] = alreadyClaimed + amountToClaim;
        }

First, we fetch the already claimed amount according to the pointsId for a particular user. Then the function compares whether total claimable amount is not less than the already claimed amount plus the amount that's about to get claimed. This works fine the first time but if the root was updated meaning total claimable value was also updated, there might be problems as the changes of claimedPTokens are saved from the previous distribution. So if the user has already claimed 1000 tokens,  his `claimedRedemptionRights` mapping is updated and the next time if he wants to claim the same amount, it would not be possible as:

https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/main/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L290
```solidity
if (_claim.totalClaimable < alreadyClaimed + amountToClaim) revert ClaimTooLarge();
```


## Impact

Users are not able to claim their reward tokens if there was a redemption beforehand.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/main/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L188

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

Change the logic so the previous claimed reward tokens would not affect consequent calculations.