Clever Tartan Scallop

Medium

# Missing update functionality for `compatibilityFallback` in `setParam` function

## Summary

The `RumpelWalletFactory` contract has no ability to update the `compatibilityFallback` address after deployment. This could lead to issues if the fallback handler needs to be changed due to upgrades or bugs.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `RumpelWalletFactory.sol`, the `compatibilityFallback` address is set during the contract's construction. However, the `setParam` function, which allows the owner to update various parameters, does not include an option to update the `compatibilityFallback` address. This omission technically means that once the contract is deployed, the `compatibilityFallback` address cannot be changed.

## Impact

This will render the contract useless.  According to Sherlock [docs](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#v.-how-to-identify-a-medium-issue):

>How to identify a medium issue:
>
>Breaks core contract functionality, _rendering the contract useless_ or leading to loss of funds.


The inability to update the `compatibilityFallback` address could result in the need to redeploy the entire contract entirely if the fallback handler needs to be changed. This could be due to an upgrade, a bug in the fallback handler, or other issues. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/rumpel-wallet/src/RumpelWalletFactory.sol#L85-L93

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an option to update the `compatibilityFallback` address in the `setParam` function:

```diff
function setParam(bytes32 what, address data) external onlyOwner {
    if (what == "PROXY_FACTORY") proxyFactory = ISafeProxyFactory(data);
    else if (what == "SAFE_SINGLETON") safeSingleton = data;
    else if (what == "RUMPEL_MODULE") rumpelModule = data;
    else if (what == "RUMPEL_GUARD") rumpelGuard = data;
    else if (what == "INITIALIZATION_SCRIPT") initializationScript = data;
+    else if (what == "COMPATIBILITY_FALLBACK") compatibilityFallback = data; // Add this line
    else revert UnrecognizedParam(what);
    emit ParamChanged(what, data);
}
```
