Upbeat Berry Panther

High

# PointTokenizationVault does not restrict public functions to only Rumpel Wallets

### Summary

In PointTokenizationVault, anybody can call the public functions. In the Rumpel Wallets, rumpel wallets are created and user invocation of all calls are restricted using the RumpelGuard. The RumpelModule admin will allow certain calls to be made by the user. The admin will allow certain calls to the PointTokenizationVault. A purpose of the Rumpel Wallet is so that the admin can also sweep tokens from the external protocols for the user and then calculate PointTokenizationVault redemptionReceipts based on this. 

For one thing, there is no restrictions on PointTokenizationVault to only allow calls from Rumpel Wallets. This means that any EOA or SC can call the PointTokenizationVault public functions, not just the Rumpel Wallets. This could cause issues with the redemption sweep.

Additionally, any user can create their own Safe with their own Guard and Module. They can manipulate Guard to allow any calls and be the admin of the Module. With this Safe, they can go through the regular user flow process for PointTokenizationVault, eventually receive redemptionReceipt as expected, however the Rumpel Admin won't be able to sweep their tokens for them, causing issues.


### Root Cause

PointTokenizationVault public functions do not check if the msg.sender is a valid Rumpel Wallet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L114
### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

User calls PointTokenizationVault with EOA or SC that is not a Rumpel Wallet

### Impact

Admin cannot redemption sweep the tokens for the user

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

In the RumpelWalletFactory, add a mapping of (Safe -> bool) and update the mapping to true when creating new Safes. This will allow RumpelWalletFactory to keep track of Rumpel Wallets created (and that are valid). Include a function isValidSafe() that checks if safe is valid Rumpel Wallet that can only be called by PointTokenizationVault. In PointTokenizationVault, add a modifier that calls the isValidSafe() function in RumpelWalletFactory and add that modifier to all public functions.

This will allow your RumpelWalletFactory to keep track of the Rumpel Wallets it has created with the restricted RumpelGuard and RumpelModule and give your PointTokenizationVault protocol a way to check valid Rumpel Wallets. This will also reduce the surface area of users/SCs that can call the PointTokenizationVault protocol to only be the expected Rumpel Wallets calling it.