Gorgeous White Bird

Medium

# Double fee charge when redeeming rewards after converting pTokens

## Summary
Contract logic allows users who have paid fees during the initial claim of pTokens to redeem rewards feelessly up to the amount of pTokens they claimed. However, there is an issue where users can perform multiple conversions and redemptions, leading to charging double fees

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue is how `feelesslyRedeemable` and `feelesslyRedeemedPTokens` are tracked and used within the contract. Specifically, Bob can do below actions in this order:

1. Deposit assets and receive pTokens, paying the fee
2. Redeem rewards feelessly for the exact amount of pTokens they initially claimed
3. Convert the redeemed rewards back into pTokens (convertRewardsToPTokens() does not update feelessly redeemable)
4. Redeem these new pTokens for rewards, paying the fee.

Since the new pTokens are not covered under the feelesslyRedeemable threshold, the user is required to pay a fee during the second redemption. In conclusion, Bob was double fee'd.

An argument from the developer(steve_fi) supports this logic (from Discord chat):

***"The idea is that when users who have deposited assets, pay a fee onClaim. Our assumption is that many of those users will also be redeeming their pTokens. To allow users who have claimed pTokens not to get fee'd `twice`, they can redeem rewards feelessly up to the amount of pTokens they claimed/already paid fees on."***

Since Bob has already paid fees, he must not to get fee'd twice. However in our scenario, Bob pays the fees twice.

Below you can see that nothing was updated about the feeless logic during conversion.
```solidity
/// @notice Mints point tokens for rewards after redemption has been enabled
    function convertRewardsToPTokens(address _receiver, bytes32 _pointsId, uint256 _amountToConvert) public {
        RedemptionParams memory params = redemptions[_pointsId];
        (ERC20 rewardToken, uint256 rewardsPerPToken, bool isMerkleBased) =
            (params.rewardToken, params.rewardsPerPToken, params.isMerkleBased);

        if (address(rewardToken) == address(0)) {
            revert RewardsNotReleased();
        }

        if (isMerkleBased) {
            revert CantConvertMerkleRedemption();
        }

        rewardToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amountToConvert);

        uint256 pTokensToMint = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(_amountToConvert, rewardsPerPToken); // Round down for mint.

        // Dust guard.
        if (pTokensToMint == 0) {
            revert AmountTooSmall();
        }

        pTokens[_pointsId].mint(_receiver, pTokensToMint);

        emit RewardsConverted(msg.sender, _receiver, _pointsId, _amountToConvert);
    }
```
## Impact

User loss of funds, paying the fee twice

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L229-L254
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a logic to convertRewardsToPTokens that updates feelessly redeemable, with the amount of conversion. To prevent double fee charge