Genuine Ocean Chimpanzee

Medium

# Subtracting from balances without first checking sufficient balance or if _amount is greater than zero.

## Summary
The function immediately subtracts `_amount` from `balances[msg.sender][_token]` without first checking if `msg.sender` has sufficient balance or if _amount is greater than zero. After subtracting from the balance, the function attempts to transfer `_amount` of the `_token` to `_receiver` using the `safeTransfe`r function. If _amount is more than the balance of `msg.sender` or the contract’s balance of _token, this transfer will fail, reverting the transaction. Regardless of whether the transfer succeeds or fails, the function will emit the Withdraw event with the details of the attempted withdrawal.
## Vulnerability Details
If the transaction fails due to an unsuccessful `safeTransfer`, the balance of `msg.sender` would still be reduced. This is because the subtraction occurs before the transfer, and there are no rollback mechanisms in place for the balance update if the transfer fails.
## Impact
The subtraction of the balance happens before the transfer. This means the balance state is updated even if the transfer fails, which can lead to discrepancies in the recorded balance and the actual token holdings.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L130-L136
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check that the user has enough balance to withdraw before balances are subtracted.
`require(balances[msg.sender][_token] >= _amount, "Insufficient balance")` 