Scruffy Ash Dinosaur

Medium

# Sandwich attack when modifying live redemption

## Summary

To convert reward tokens to pTokens and vice versa, an admin must set a redemption. According to the code comments, a redemption that is already set can be updated. If the admin decides to increase the `_rewardsPerPToken` value for an existing redemption, users might exploit this by using a sandwich attack. In this case, if an attacker notices that `rewardsPerPToken` is about to be increased, they can front-run the `setRedemption()` transaction to get pTokens using `convertRewardsToPTokens()`. Then, they can follow up with a back-run using `redeemRewards()` to gain extra rewards.
## Vulnerability Detail

Since Ethereum's mainnet has a public mempool, all pending transactions are visible to everyone. This means an attacker can see when an admin is about to update the value for an active redemption and act on it. The attacker can send a transaction calling `convertRewardsToPTokens()` with a higher gas price than the admin's transaction, allowing it to be executed first. This lets the attacker get pTokens at the current price ratio (`rewardsPerPToken`) before the update takes effect.
```solidity
uint256 pTokensToMint = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(_amountToConvert, rewardsPerPToken);
```

After the admin's transaction is processed and the new `rewardsPerPToken` is set to a higher value, the attacker can then convert their pTokens using `redeemRewards()` back into rewards at this better price ratio. This allows the attacker to execute the transaction without risk, effectively gaining more rewards than intended by taking advantage of the timing of the update.
```solidity
uint256 pTokensToBurn = FixedPointMathLib.divWadUp(amountToClaim, rewardsPerPToken);
```
## Impact

This vulnerability results in a clear loss of funds for the protocol. However, the likelihood of this change occurring is low to medium, given that it depends on a certain admin action. Therefore, the overall severity of the issue should be considered as Medium.
## Code Snippet

`setRedemption()` - https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/1865f69d1b32a1e4c06f9a85456336c4f6a99188/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L312C4-L319C6
`convertRewardsToPTokens()` - https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/1865f69d1b32a1e4c06f9a85456336c4f6a99188/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L229C5-L255C1
`redeemRewards()` - https://github.com/sense-finance/point-tokenization-vault/blob/1865f69d1b32a1e4c06f9a85456336c4f6a99188/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L172C4-L227C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since the protocol is aware of this potential issue, a simple and effective solution would be to avoid updating live redemptions. Alternatively, this behavior can be explicitly forbidden in the code by implementing checks that prevent updates to active redemptions.

If updating a live redemption is necessary, a commit-reveal scheme can be implemented. Additionally, pausing the redemption of rewards and the conversion of pTokens during the period between commit and reveal would further enhance security. This approach would prevent attackers from knowing that a live redemption update is taking place, effectively mitigating the risk of exploitation.
