Passive Basil Cormorant

Medium

# `Deposit` Function Blocked by Uninitialized `cap` Variable: Users Unable to Deposit Tokens" in the PointTokenVault.sol contract

## Summary
The `PointTokenVault.sol` contract contains a vulnerability in its `deposit` function related to the `cap` variable. The function checks if the cap is not set to the maximum value (`type(uint256).max`) but does not verify whether `cap` has been initialized or set to a non-zero value. If `cap` is left at its default value of 0, it becomes impossible for users to deposit tokens into the vault, as the deposit condition will always fail.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `deposit` function in the `PointTokenVault.sol` contract checks if the deposit amount plus the current balance of the contract exceeds the `cap`, i.e., `if(_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap)`. However, it does not verify if `cap` has been initialized or set to a valid non-zero value. If `cap` remains at 0, the condition `if(_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap)` will always evaluate to true, preventing any deposits. Because of the lack of validation for the initialization of `cap`, Users are unable to deposit tokens into the vault if `cap` is set to 0, which effectively makes the vault unusable.

## Impact
This vulnerability prevents users from depositing tokens into the vault, which can hinder the contract’s intended functionality. 

## Code Snippet
[point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol:deposit_L118](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L118)
```solidity
              // Rebasing and fee-on-transfer tokens must be wrapped before depositing.
             function deposit(ERC20 _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) public {
                   uint256 cap = caps[address(_token)];
    
                    if (cap != type(uint256).max) {
@audit=>            if (_amount + _token.balanceOf(address(this)) > cap) {
                                    revert DepositExceedsCap();
                            }
                    }
    
                    _token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
    
                   balances[_receiver][_token] += _amount;
    
                   emit Deposit(msg.sender, _receiver, address(_token), _amount);
             }

```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check in the `deposit` function to ensure that `cap` is not equal to 0 before proceeding with the deposit logic and initialize `cap` to ensure that the `cap` variable is set to a valid non-zero value. If `cap` is found to be 0, the function should revert or handle the situation appropriately to prevent deposits from being blocked.