Careful Orchid Cod

Medium

# Unchecked return value of low-level

## Summary

The [PointTokenVault::execute()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L364C5-L373C6) function uses `delegatecall` to handle arbitrary reward claiming logic but does not check the return value to ensure the call's success. This oversight could lead to transactions incorrectly proceeding despite failures, potentially resulting in inconsistent contract states or other unintended consequences.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [PointTokenVault::execute()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L364C5-L373C6) function, designed to handle arbitrary reward claiming logic, utilizes the `delegatecall` function within an inline assembly block. The `delegatecall` operation returns a boolean value indicating whether the call was successful. However, the current implementation does not check this return value after the delegatecall operation.

This oversight presents a risk: even though the function is protected by the `onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE)` modifier, which restricts its access to the admin, the transaction might proceed as if successful even if the delegatecall fails. This could lead to unexpected behavior or unintentional outcomes, as errors during the execution, leaving the contract in an inconsistent state or causing other issues.

```solidity
// To handle arbitrary reward claiming logic.
    function execute(address _to, bytes memory _data, uint256 _txGas)
        external
        onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE)
        returns (bool success)
    {
        assembly {
            success := delegatecall(_txGas, _to, add(_data, 0x20), mload(_data), 0, 0)
        }
    }
```

## Impact

Failure to check the success of the delegatecall in the execute() function could result in the contract continuing execution even after a failed call, leading to inconsistent contract states.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
// To handle arbitrary reward claiming logic.
    function execute(address _to, bytes memory _data, uint256 _txGas)
        external
        onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE)
        returns (bool success)
    {
        assembly {
            success := delegatecall(_txGas, _to, add(_data, 0x20), mload(_data), 0, 0)
        }
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the success of the delegatecall by adding a require statement after the call, ensuring that the transaction reverts if the delegatecall fails, thereby preventing silent failures and maintaining the integrity of the contract:

```diff
   function execute(address _to, bytes memory _data, uint256 _txGas)
        external
        onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE)
        returns (bool success)
    {
        assembly {
            success := delegatecall(_txGas, _to, add(_data, 0x20), mload(_data), 0, 0)
        }
+        require(success, "delegatecall failed");
    }
```