Fresh Pineapple Cobra

Medium

# [M-1] Potential for Unexpected Fee Changes when Redeeming Leading to User Losses

### Summary

The protocol operator has the ability to alter the redemption fee by calling `PointTokenVault::setRedemptionFee(uint256)` before a user's transaction is processed. This could be done maliciously by front-running the user or through legitimate fee adjustments. In either case, the user may experience unexpected losses, as the fee change could reduce the amount of rewards they can redeem.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this issue lies in the lack of a mechanism to delay or restrict immediate fee changes by the protocol operator. This allows the operator to adjust the redemption fee instantly through the `PointTokenVault::setRedemptionFee(uint256)` function, without providing users with a window to respond to the change. As a result, the operator can either maliciously front-run a user's transaction or unintentionally cause financial harm by adjusting the fee, leading to unexpected losses for the user when redeeming rewards. The absence of a timelock or advance notification system for fee changes creates a vulnerability in the protocol, exposing users to potential exploitation or unexpected costs.

<details>
<summary>setRedemptionFee function can be called at any time and updates instantly</summary>

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L326-L329
</details>

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User checks redemptionFee through calling `PointTokenVault.redemptionFee()`
2. Operator changes fee to any value they want instantly through calling `PointTokenVault.setRedemptionFee(uint256)`
3. User still believes fee is low however the operator has changed it
4. User calls `PointTokenVault.redeemRewards(Claim, address)`
5. Users reward token balance is lower than what they expected

### Impact

The unpredictability of fee changes introduces the potential for user financial losses and decreases trust in the protocol. If an operator can manipulate fees during a transaction, it could lead to unfair practices or even exploitation. Additionally, even legitimate changes in fees could result in user dissatisfaction if they are not provided with enough time to react to the new conditions.

### PoC

Add to `PointTokenVault.t.sol`
```solidity
function test_FeesCanUnexpectedlyChangeWithoutUsersKnowing() public {
        address feeCollector = makeAddr("feeCollector");

        address user = makeAddr("user");

        bytes32 root = 0x4e40a10ce33f33a4786960a8bb843fe0e170b651acd83da27abc97176c4bed3c;

        vm.prank(admin);
        pointTokenVault.setFeeCollector(feeCollector);

        vm.prank(merkleUpdater);
        pointTokenVault.updateRoot(root);

        bytes32[] memory proof = new bytes32[](1);
        proof[0] = 0x6d0fcb8de12b1f57f81e49fa18b641487b932cdba4f064409fde3b05d3824ca2;

        PointTokenVault.Claim memory pClaim = PointTokenVault.Claim(eigenPointsId, 1e18, 1e18, proof);

        PToken eigenPToken = pointTokenVault.pTokens(eigenPointsId);

        vm.startPrank(vitalik);
        pointTokenVault.claimPTokens(pClaim, vitalik, vitalik);
        eigenPToken.transfer(user, eigenPToken.balanceOf(vitalik));
        vm.stopPrank();

        MockERC20 eigenRewardToken = new MockERC20("Eigen Reward Token", "ERT", 18);

        eigenRewardToken.mint(address(pointTokenVault), 10 ether);

        vm.prank(operator);
        pointTokenVault.setRedemption(eigenPointsId, eigenRewardToken, 1e18, false);

        vm.prank(user);
        console.log("User's expected redemptionFee is: ", pointTokenVault.redemptionFee());

        vm.prank(operator);
        pointTokenVault.setRedemptionFee(0.5 ether);

        console.log("Actual redemptionFee is: ", pointTokenVault.redemptionFee());

        PointTokenVault.Claim memory userClaim = PointTokenVault.Claim(eigenPointsId, 1e18, 1e18, new bytes32[](0));

        vm.startPrank(user);
        eigenPToken.approve(address(pointTokenVault), 1e18);
        pointTokenVault.redeemRewards(userClaim, user);
        vm.stopPrank();

        console.log("User's expected balance: ", 1 ether);
        console.log("User's actual balance: ", eigenRewardToken.balanceOf(user));
    }
```

### Mitigation

Implement a timelock on fee adjustments to ensure that any changes to the fee structure are delayed by a specified period. This will provide users with adequate notice, allowing them to either proceed with their transaction under the current fee structure or withdraw from the protocol if the changes are unfavorable. A timelock would enhance transparency and trust, ensuring that users are not unexpectedly subjected to higher fees.