Scruffy Ash Dinosaur

Medium

# No option to block ETH transfers in Rumpel Module

## Summary

Safe Modules allow custom functionality to be added to a Safe wallet. In the context of Rumpel Wallets, Rumpel Modules enable the admin to take actions on behalf of the user. The implementation includes functionality to block certain calls to ensure trust between the admin and the user. However, the current implementation lacks support to block direct ETH transfers. Although the known issues acknowledge that an authorized actor on the Rumpel module can execute arbitrary actions on behalf of Rumpel Wallets, the concern is not the possibility of such actions, but the inability to prevent them within the current setup. This gap in the functionality undermines user trust and breaks the trustlessness of the protocol.
## Vulnerability Detail
`addBlockedModuleCall()` is used to block certain calls by mapping the destination contract and the function selector.
```solidity
function addBlockedModuleCall(address target, bytes4 functionSelector) external onlyOwner {
        blockedModuleCalls[target][functionSelector] = true;
        emit SetModuleCallBlocked(target, functionSelector);
    }
```

In the `exec()` function, the call is checked if it has been blocked
```solidity
...

bool blockedCall = blockedModuleCalls[call.to][bytes4(call.data)];
bool toSafe = address(call.safe) == call.to;

// If this transaction is to a Safe itself, to e.g. update config, we check the zero address for blocked calls.
if (blockedCall || (toSafe && blockedModuleCalls[address(0)][bytes4(call.data)])) {
    revert CallBlocked(call.to, bytes4(call.data));
}

...
```

There are no checks for the `call.value` used and currently there is not a way to block them. 
## Impact

The issue undermines trust between users and the protocol, which could lead to a reduced user base and slower adoption of the protocol. The impact level—High, Medium, or Low—depends on the protocol team's perspective on the importance of maintaining user trust. The likelihood isn't applicable here because the issue is a constant concern, not triggered by specific actions or conditions; it exists inherently in the current implementation.
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sense-finance/rumpel-wallet/blob/6c13ce34705042a55a618d576d4ef74a79776aa0/src/RumpelModule.sol#L10
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding option to block calls with value > 0.