Zany Bubblegum Puma

High

# Users can front-run the resetting of `RedemptionParams` to generate profit

## Summary

When the operator of the protocol resets `RedemptionParams` for a specific `pointsId`, the `rewardsPerPToken` is adjusted. Users can exploit this change in the exchange rate between `pToken` and the reward token to generate profit. They can easily exchange rewards for `pToken` at a lower price and then re-exchange those `pToken`s for rewards at a higher price.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider the following scenario:

**Assume:** `redemptionFee = 0.1e18` (10%).

1. For a specific `pointsId`:

    - `rewardsPerPToken = 1e18` (indicating a 1:1 ratio of `pToken` to reward token).
    - `isMerkleBased = false` (allows free conversion of reward tokens to `pToken`s and free redemption without any Merkle proof).
2. The protocol operator plans to reset the `rewardsPerPToken` for the `pointsId` to `1.2e18` (resulting in a `1.2:1` ratio of `pToken` to reward token).

3. Alice front-runs this transaction by converting `100` reward tokens to `pToken`s.

    - Alice receives 100 `pToken`s (see `L244`) since the exchange rate is `1:1`.
    ```solidity
        function convertRewardsToPTokens(address _receiver, bytes32 _pointsId, uint256 _amountToConvert) public {
            ...

    244     uint256 pTokensToMint = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(_amountToConvert, rewardsPerPToken); // Round down for mint.

            ...

    251     pTokens[_pointsId].mint(_receiver, pTokensToMint);

            ...
    ```
4. After the operator's transaction succeeds, the `rewardsPerPToken` is updated to `1.2e18`. Alice then redeems her rewards using her 100 `pToken`s, setting the parameter `amountToClaim` to 120.

    - The amount of `pToken`s burned is 100 (see `L191`) since the exchange rate is now `1.2:1` (and Alice has 100 `pToken`s).
    - Alice can claim at least `120 * 0.9 = 108` reward tokens (accounting for the 10% `redemptionFee`).

    ```solidity
        function redeemRewards(Claim calldata _claim, address _receiver) public {
            ...

    191     uint256 pTokensToBurn = FixedPointMathLib.divWadUp(amountToClaim, rewardsPerPToken);
    ```

As a result, Alice gains `108 - 100 = 8` reward tokens as unfair profit.

## Impact

Users can gain unfair profits by front-running the reset of `rewardsPerPToken`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/tree/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L229-L254

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/tree/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L172-L226

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to implement a cooldown period for redeeming after converting rewards to `pToken`s.