Zany Bubblegum Puma

Medium

# The owner of the `RumpelWalletFactory` contract should be able to change the address of `compatibilityFallback`

## Summary

A Rampel wallet is a kind of smart contract wallet. The `fallback` function is usually used to enable a smart contract wallet to be supposed to be 100% flexible to anything users would want to do. However, if even the `fallback` function doesn’t know how to deal with a function call, then it is just disregarded or an error occurs. 
In a Rumpel wallet, `compatibilityFallback` is responsible for the handling fallback mechanism.
However, as this address can't be changed, Rumpel wallets can't be compatible to new token callbacks and users of Rumpel Wallets can't interact with new tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Rumpel Wallet is built on top of `Safe`. 
The Safe is supposed to be an Ethereum account which can handle arbitrary function calls and tokens.
So the Safe team used the `fallback` function to enable a smart contract wallet to be supposed to be 100% flexible to anything users would want to do. However, if even the `fallback` handler doesn’t know how to deal with a function call, then it is just disregarded or an error occurs. 
As a result, the Safe team introduced fallback handler to handle this and [upgrades it everytime new token callbacks appear](https://help.safe.global/en/articles/40838-what-is-a-fallback-handler-and-how-does-it-relate-to-safe#:~:text=Let%20us%20assume,can%20be%20reused.).

Rumpel wallet's own fallback handler, `compatibilityFallback` contract is responsible for the handling fallback mechanism.
However, this address can't be changed after it is set in the constructor once.
As a result, Rumpel wallets can't be compatible with new token callbacks.

## Impact
The address of `compatibilityFallback` can't be changed after it is set in the constructor once.
Rumpel wallets can't be compatible with new token callbacks. The users of Rumpel wallets can't interact with new tokens.


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/rumpel-wallet/src/RumpelWalletFactory.sol#L85-L93

## Recommendation

It is recommended to add logic to change the address of `compatibilityFallback`.

```diff
85  function setParam(bytes32 what, address data) external onlyOwner {
            if (what == "PROXY_FACTORY") proxyFactory = ISafeProxyFactory(data);
            else if (what == "SAFE_SINGLETON") safeSingleton = data;
            else if (what == "RUMPEL_MODULE") rumpelModule = data;
            else if (what == "RUMPEL_GUARD") rumpelGuard = data;
            else if (what == "INITIALIZATION_SCRIPT") initializationScript = data;
+           else if (what == "COMPATIBILITY_FALLBACK") compatibilityFallback = data;            
            else revert UnrecognizedParam(what);
            emit ParamChanged(what, data);
        }
```