Great Marmalade Platypus

Medium

# Lack of Maximum Limit for Redemption Fee Allows Potential Exploit by Malicious Operators

## Summary
In the provided Solidity contract, the **setRedemptionFee()** function allows any account with the **OPERATOR_ROLE** to update the **redemptionFee** state variable without any upper limit. This lack of a maximum cap introduces a vulnerability where a malicious operator could set the redemption fee to an arbitrarily high value, resulting in users being unable to redeem their rewards due to high costs or significant financial losses.

## Vulnerability Detail
The **setRedemptionFee()** function is currently implemented as follows:
### Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L326-L329

This function allows an operator with the OPERATOR_ROLE to set the redemption fee to any arbitrary uint256 value. The absence of a maximum redemption fee limit introduces the following risks:

1. **Excessive Costs:** A malicious operator could set the redemption fee to a very high value, making it prohibitively expensive for users to redeem their rewards.
2. **Denial of Service:** By setting an exorbitantly high fee, a malicious operator could effectively prevent users from redeeming their rewards, causing a denial of service.
3. **Financial Loss:** Users could incur unexpected and significant financial losses due to the high fees set by a malicious operator.

## Impact
A malicious operator with the OPERATOR_ROLE can set an excessively high redemption fee, leading to prohibitive costs for users who want to redeem their rewards, potentially causing financial loss or preventing users from claiming their rewards.
## Proof Of Code 
``` javascript
 function test_MaliciousOperatorCanSetHigherRedemptionFee() public {
        vm.prank(operator);
         // @audit : redeem fee is too high
        pointTokenVault.setRedemptionFee(6e18);
        vm.stopPrank();
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing the following recommendations:
**Set a Maximum Redemption Fee Limit**: Introduce a maximum redemption fee cap to prevent operators from setting excessively high fees. For example:
```javascript
uint256 public constant MAX_REDEMPTION_FEE = 1 ether; // Example maximum fee

function setRedemptionFee(uint256 _redemptionFee) external onlyRole(OPERATOR_ROLE) {
    require(_redemptionFee <= MAX_REDEMPTION_FEE, "Redemption fee exceeds maximum limit");
    redemptionFee = _redemptionFee;
    emit RedemptionFeeSet(_redemptionFee);
}
