Scruffy Ash Dinosaur

Medium

# Insufficient options to change all state variables can lead to inability to integrate with Safe

## Summary

The `RumpelWalletFactory` allows updating its state variables to integrate with newer Safe versions. However, the absence of an option to change the `compatibilityFallback` address could lead to difficulties integrating with future Safe versions. Currently, the compatibility fallback handler ensures compatibility between pre-1.3.0 and 1.3.0+ Safe contracts. In the future, additional handlers might be required to maintain compatibility with newer versions.
## Vulnerability Detail

Initially, this issue might not appear problematic, as the protocol could simply deploy a new `RumpelWalletFactory`. However, the problem arises from the `precomputeAddress()` function, which assumes that the wallet being computed was deployed by the current factory. Having multiple wallet factories would lead to the inability to accurately compute the correct address of a wallet based on the `_initializer` and `_saltNonce` values, potentially causing address conflicts or incorrect wallet address predictions. 

```solidity
function setParam(bytes32 what, address data) external onlyOwner {
        if (what == "PROXY_FACTORY") proxyFactory = ISafeProxyFactory(data);
        else if (what == "SAFE_SINGLETON") safeSingleton = data;
        else if (what == "RUMPEL_MODULE") rumpelModule = data;
        else if (what == "RUMPEL_GUARD") rumpelGuard = data;
        else if (what == "INITIALIZATION_SCRIPT") initializationScript = data;
        else revert UnrecognizedParam(what);
        emit ParamChanged(what, data);
    }
```
## Impact

This inability to accurately compute the address of a wallet can lead to significant user experience inconsistencies and challenges when integrating the UI with the contract. More critically, it could result in funds being locked or lost due to incorrect address usage when transferring funds to a wallet. While this issue does not directly cause immediate losses for the protocol or users, the impact is medium because it can lead to operational inefficiencies and potential financial risks. The likelihood is also considered medium, given that certain compatibility handlers are already necessary to maintain integration.
## Code Snippet

`setParam()` - https://github.com/sense-finance/rumpel-wallet/blob/6c13ce34705042a55a618d576d4ef74a79776aa0/src/RumpelWalletFactory.sol#L85C5-L93C6
`precomputeAddress()` - https://github.com/sense-finance/rumpel-wallet/blob/6c13ce34705042a55a618d576d4ef74a79776aa0/src/RumpelWalletFactory.sol#L69C5-L79C6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an option to change `compatibilityFallback`.