Feisty Cornflower Lynx

Medium

# Owner of Rumpel module will not able to call function in third party contract

### Summary

Owner of Rumpel module will not able to call function in third party contract, if selector of function has been blocked, but third-party contract has updated his code (it uses proxy, for example), and now new function in new code need to be called by owner. And new functiion has the same selector.  

### Root Cause

In 'RumpelModule.sol:addBlockedModuleCall()' possible permamently disable call to third-party contract with specified selector.  But in some cases, owner should have opportunity to call disabled function with selector.
Example:
1, Owner call addBlockedModuleCall(0x123, 0x6352211d)
2. Contract 0x123 has been updated and new function in new code has the same signature as disabled previously (0x6352211d). Signature clashing. And now admin need to call new function. But he could not to do it.

### Internal pre-conditions

Selector should be disabled via addBlockedModuleCall

### External pre-conditions

Target contract has been updated and new function has the same signature

### Attack Path

In 'RumpelModule.sol:addBlockedModuleCall()' possible permamently disable call to third-party contract with specified selector.  But in some cases, owner should have opportunity to call disabled function with selector.
Example:
1, Owner call addBlockedModuleCall(0x123, 0x6352211d)
2. Contract 0x123 has been updated and new function in new code has the same signature as disabled previously (0x6352211d). Signature clashing. And now admin need to call new function. But he could not to do it.

### Impact

Owner could not call new function, because new function has the same signature, as blocked function, from previous code implementation of target contract  https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/main/rumpel-wallet/src/RumpelModule.sol#L69-L70

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Allow owner remove selecetors from blacklist in some cases. maybe with timelock