Mysterious Hazelnut Hyena

High

# PToken deployment can be front-run by malicious user.

## Summary
The `new PToken{salt: _pointsId}(...)` statement tells Solidity to use the CREATE2 opcode.
The address of the deployed PToken is predictable if the deployer, salt, and bytecode are known.
This allows the possibility of a front-running attack if an attacker can predict the address and deploy a contract there before the transaction is mined.

## Vulnerability Detail

The CREATE2 opcode  allows users to deterministically compute the address where a new contract will be deployed, using the The deployer's address, salt value (a user-specified 32-byte value) and bytecode of the contract being deployed, all of which can be gotten or observed by an attacker to brick the deployment of a `pToken` for that specified `_pointsId`. An attacker can predict the address and deploy a contract there before your transaction is mined.

when the `DeployPToken()` function is called again with the `_pointsId` the function will revert.

## Impact

DOS of the DeployPToken function for a small fee, attacker has to do it once. This function is responsible for deploying pointsToken which users can claim and also for reward disbursal.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-sense-points-marketplace/blob/076bf833f4dc1418e93c8172e4a4110344f1c812/point-tokenization-vault/contracts/PointTokenVault.sol#L256-L267

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
PToken Deployment should use a Unique Salt. The salt should not be directly derived from predictable inputs. You can add a layer of randomness or use a unique identifier that only the deploying contract knows just to prevent attacker from pre-determining the PToken address
